feature: Move gitlab configuration to config file CY-1353 (#358)
codacy/chart: docs/configuration/git-providers/gitlab-cloud.md

# GitLab Cloud

## GitLab Application

Follow the instructions below to set up the Codacy integration with GitLab Cloud:

> 1.  Create an application pointing to your local Codacy deployment URL.

Reviewer: Can we provide info on how to create the GitLab Application? If we can provide the direct URL to the Applications screen on GitLab it should be enough:

```suggestion
1.  Create a [new application](https://gitlab.com/oauth/applications) on GitLab pointing to your local Codacy deployment URL.
```

Reviewer 2: We should have the same experience we had in the previous docs. I placed the link in a previous comment

Reviewer: @rtfpessoa is right, we're also missing the scopes that must be checked, for instance. :+1:

    You'll need to add the following 'Redirect URI'. Make sure to update your protocol to use either http or https and your domain name as well. Keep in mind this field is case sensitive.

    `https://codacy.example.com/login/GitLab`

    `https://codacy.example.com/add/addProvider/GitLab`

>     `https://codacy.example.com/add/addService/GitLab`

Reviewer 2: This is wrong, please check the docs on zendesk, I fixed it there

Reviewer 2: Check for the right ones https://support.codacy.com/hc/en-us/articles/360012368539-Configuring-GitLab-com-with-Codacy-Self-hosted

Reviewer 2: I would also put them all in the same block to copy easier together

# GitLab Cloud

## GitLab Application

Follow the instructions below to set up the Codacy integration with GitLab Cloud:

1.  Create a [new application](https://gitlab.com/profile/applications) pointing to your local Codacy deployment URL with `api`, `read user` and `read repository` scopes.

>     You'll need to add the following 'Redirect URI'. Make sure to update your protocol to use either http or https and your domain name as well. Keep in mind this field is case sensitive.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    You'll need to add the following 'Redirect URI'. Make sure to update your protocol to use either http or https and your hostname as well. Keep in mind this field is case sensitive.
```
